# Scientific American Review of 1922

by Chun Tian (binghe)

## January 1922

* America's Domestic Food Supply. (By Robert G. Skerrett)

> In Which We Take Inventory of Our Needs and How Far They Are Supplied by Home Production
* The Radio Central. (By Austin C. Lescarboura)

> America's Bid for World-Wide Wireless Supremacy as Crystallized III the Huge Station at Rocky Point
* The Hydraulic Laboratory. (By Robert G. Skerrett)

> A Prime Aid in Helping Us to Make the Most of Our Waterpower Resources
* Stamp (邮票) Frauds and Their Detection. (By J. Malcolm Bird)

> Some of the Means Adopted to Protect the Collector from Forgeries
* Comets (彗星) That Have Lost Their Tails. (By *J. F. Springer*)> Curious Irregularities Revealed by the Camera in These Attenuated Streamers* A Catapult (飞机弹射器) and Turntable (转台云梯) for Airplanes. (By J. Bernard Walker)

> The Navy's Device for Launching Airplanes Into the Wind, Without Changing the Course of the Ship

* Vehicular Tunnel Ventilation (通风方法). (By the Staff)

> Tests In An Old Coal Mine, with Regular Automobiles, Under Operating Conditions
* The Hydraulic Jump. (By Harry A. Mount)

> How Nature's Treatment of Rapids and Waterfalls Is Copied in Ohio's Big Impounding Dam
* Review of the Year 1921. (Editorial Comment)* From Steamer to Sailing Ship. (By the Staff)

> A Plea for the Two Hundred Wooden Steamers Built by the United States Shipping Board
* With Eye-Piece and Camera. (By Albert A. Hopkins)

> Recent British Developments in Petrological and Metallurgical Microscopy and Photography
* Naval Construction in Japan. (By Hector C. Bywater)

> Facts and Figures Regarding the Strength of the Japanese Navy Today and In 1927
* Recent Advances in Lighting. (By M. Luckiesh)

> The Modern Illuminating Engineer: Artist, Electrician, Chemist and Psychologist
* Government Railroad in Alaska Nearing Completion. (By the Staff)

> Connecting Seward, at the Head of Resurrection Bay, with Fairbanks by a 471-Mile Line
* Noises for the Movies. (By Albert A. Hopkins)

> How Various Realistic Sounds Are Produced by Means of Ingenious Drummer's Traps
* Reading Between the Lines. (By Jacques Boyer)

> Methods of Invisible Writing Employed During the War, and Their Detection
* Design Patents. (By T. Hart Anderson)

> What They Are, and the Rules Governing Recovery for Infringement of Them
* Sir Ernest Shackleton's Ship the Quest (Full-page drawing)* Recent Discoveries in Greek Lands. (By the Staff)

> A Sketch of the Principal Excavations and Discoveries of the Last Fifty Years
* A Garbage Crisis. (By Harry A. Mount)

> Must We Solve Anew the Problem of the Disposition of Domestic Wastes ?
* New York's Proposed Belt Railway. (By William J. Wilgus)

> Substituting Direct Rail Connection for Costly Car-Float and Lighter Transfer Between Rail, Warehouse and Dock
* Lessening Lumber Losses. (By George H. Dacy)

> Some of the Ways in Which Wood Wastes Are Saved and Put to Work
* The Latest in Steel Rails. (By Frederick C. Carl)> Doubling the Life While Increasing the Cost Only by Twenty Per Cent
* The Noiseless Elevated. (By William A. McGarry)

> Philadelphia's Plans for Making Conversation Possible While the Trains Are Passing
* Bombing and Bombing Sights. (By Dr. E. J. Loring)> How Aiming from the Unstable Platform of an Airplane Is Made Possible
* Intake, Compression, Power and Exhaust. (By the Staff)

> Successive Stages Showing What Happens Inside the Motor That Drives the Modern Automobile

* The Service of the Chemist

> A Department Devoted to Progress in the Field of Applied Chemistry

* The Motor-Driven Commercial Vehicle

> This department is devoted to the interests of present and prospective owners of motor trucks and delivery wagons. The editor will endeavor to answer anyquestion relating to mechanical features, operation and management of commercial motor vehicles

* The Heavens in January (By Professor Henry Norris Russell, Ph.D.)

> Some New Observations Upon a Stellar Object of Old Interest

## February 1922

* American's Fuel Resources. (By Robert G. Skerrett)

> What We Have and How We Are Using Them

* Bridging the Detroit River

> Suspension Bridge of 1803-Foot Span Will Connect Detroit With Canada

* The Latest African Anthropological Find. (By A. A. Hopkins)

> The Broken Hill Skull May Prove That the Human Race Started in Africa

* Overhauling the Human Mechanism. (By William A. McGarry)

> Some of the Extraordinary Things That the Twentieth Century Surgeon Has Learned to Do

* A Ten-Year Naval Holiday
> Friendly Cooperation Substituted for the Present Naval Comp etition

* The Last Word in Illuminated Highways (By J. Malcolm Bird)
> An Invention That Calls for the Reversal of a Recently Expressed Editorial Opinion

* Where Human Speech Is Put On the Dissecting Table (By Dr. Alfred Gradenwitz)
> The Remarkable Laboratory of Experimental Phonetics of Dr. Panconcelli-Calzia of Hamburg* Airplane Racing and What It Means (By Howard Mingos)> The Immediate Lessons to be Drawn from the Pulitzer Race at Omaha* How an Inventor Straightened Out a Labor Tangle (By James H. Collins)
> One Case Where a Labor-Saving Machine Went Into Use Without a Conflict With the Men自动铅字排版机器的发明最初被工人抵制，甚至被工人有意破坏。但事实证明机器不但改善了的工人的工作环境，而且由于产出的大幅提高，反而增加了对工人数量的需求。

* Corrosion (腐蚀) Investigations (By D. M. Strickland)> Some of the Controlling Factors, and How Account Is Best Taken of Them* Potash (钾化合物), An Essential for Plant Growth (Bv George H. Dacy)> The Wide Scattering and Low Con centration of America's Deposits, and What We Can Do About It

* Better Use of Low-Grade Coal (煤炭) (By George H. Dacy)

> A Coking Furnace of Novel Design Which Greatly Enlarges the Bounds of the Steel Industry

* Building Better Homes (By A. H. Scott)
> Factory-Made Houses that Nevertheless Mark a Return to the Ways of O ur Grandfathers* A Second Pompeii (庞贝) (By Fred Gilman Jopp)
> Remains of an Ancient Metropolis Discovered Beneath the Cellars of Mexico City* Measuring in Millionths> The Latest Recording Ultramicrometer, a Device with Instantaneous Action* The Peking-Suiyuan Railway of China> A Road Surveyed, Constructed and Operated Entirely by the Chinese
* A Question in National Resources (By Alfred P. Dachnowski)> The Importance of a Central Station for Peat and ' Muck Investigations* The Voice With the Nation-Wide Audience (By Robert W. King)
> Electrical Equipment Employed in Conveying Arlington Ceremonies to Thousands in New York and San Francisco

* How Jack Frost Stimulates Plant Growth (By D. H. Georgian)
> Novel Experiments Which Go to Show That Chilling Governs All Vegetable Growth

* Sewage (污水): The Price of Civilization> One of the Problems of Modern Community Life with Which Our Remote Ancestors Had No Concern

* The Service of the Chemist

> A Department Devoted to Progress in the Field of Applied Chemistry

* The Motor-Driven Commercial Vehicle

> This department is devoted to the interests of present and prospective owners of motor trucks and delivery wagons. The editor will endeavor to answer anyquestion relating to mechanical features, operation and management of commercial motor vehicles

## March 1922

## April 1922

## May 1922

## June 1922

## July 1922

## August 1922

## September 1922

## October 1922

## November 1922

## December 1922

